Separate the Meet the Community into its own series of Blog Posts (#248)
ipfs/blog: content/post/88-ipfs-weekly-43.md

Here are some of the highlights since the last IPFS Weekly.

## Meet the Community: Alan Shaw, Core Developer of the IPFS Protocol @ IPFS / Protocol Labs

> This week for [`Meet the Community`, we had Alan Shaw, a Core Developer of the IPFS Protocol @ IPFS / Protocol Labs](INSERT URL)

Author: ```suggestion
This week for [`Meet the Community`, we had Alan Shaw, a Core Developer of the IPFS Protocol @ IPFS / Protocol Labs](https://blog.ipfs.io/meet-the-community-alan-shaw)
```
